---
permalink: /
title: "vectorzwt's Page"
excerpt: "About me"
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---

I'm a first year PHD student from [School of Biomedical Engineering](https://bme.sjtu.edu.cn/), [Shanghai JiaoTong University](https://www.sjtu.edu.cn/). My research interest includes medical AI, computer vision. I am currently supervised by [Prof. Jin Cheng](https://bme.sjtu.edu.cn/Web/FacultyDetail/913) from School of Biomedical Engineering, Shanghai JiaoTong University.


You can find my [CV](../assets/Curriculum_Vitae.pdf) here.

[Email](mailto:zuweitao@sjtu.edu.cn) / [Github](https://github.com/vectorzwt) / [Wechat](../images/wechat.jpg) 

**The homework is listed below:** 

I select topic2. The video I watch is [The Inside Story of ChatGPT’s Astonishing Potential](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C_78DM8fG6E&t=323s)

My research focuses on deep learning, and the surge toward larger models remains an undeniable trend. The impetus behind this movement is primarily attributed to the groundbreaking development of ChatGPT by OpenAI. Consequently, during my exploration, I came across Greg Brockman's presentation at a TED talk titled 'The Inside Story of ChatGPT’s Astonishing Potential.' Throughout his presentation, he showcased numerous live examples of GPT-4 usage and provided a succinct overview of ChatGPT's training methodology. Following the presentation, Chris Anderson, the CEO of TED, engaged in a comprehensive discussion with him, delving into various issues stemming from ChatGPT.

Greg Brockman's presentation proved captivating, offering me a profound insight into the formidable capabilities of GPT-4. He skillfully showcased his research focus through live demonstrations, providing a plethora of live demos that allowed the audience to intuitively grasp the power of ChatGPT. I consider this method as one of the most effective ways to present engineering research. Rather than presenting dry principles, demonstrating results truly encourages public engagement with one's research—a manifestation of the principle, "Talk is cheap. Show me the code."Initiating with the prompt "suggest a nice post-TED meal," Greg sequentially executed four tasks using ChatGPT-related plugins: offering text suggestions, drawing images based on prompt cues, generating a relevant shopping list with accompanying links, and sharing the content on Twitter. These tasks were accomplished without explicit human input, utilizing plugins like DALL-E 2, aligning seamlessly with the essence of his talk. Their research has devised AI tools for AI, endowing AI with capabilities akin to humans'.When elucidating ChatGPT's training process, Greg employed concise language and vivid examples. He delineated the process—commencing with copious amounts of unsupervised training data, enabling AI to acquire diverse relevant skills. Additionally, he introduced supervised tasks to reinforce AI's generation of correct responses through human judgment, essentially teaching AI to wield these skills.Greg referenced an instance where GPT-4 collaborated with a veterinarian, emphasizing the tool's purpose: enabling unprecedented results through human-AI collaboration. This collaboration, he highlighted, not only allows AI to benefit humanity but also underscores the importance of human oversight in nurturing general artificial intelligence. However, I think some improvements can be made in his speech. Notably, his speaking pace exceeded that of other TED speakers, potentially making it challenging for some to follow. Furthermore, when discussing human-AI collaboration, his demonstration of table analysis seemed tangential to the primary topic, necessitating a more in-depth post-demonstration elaboration.

In the presentation discussing ChatGPT for a public engagement activity, I plan to incorporate additional elements to provide a deeper understanding of how ChatGPT operates. Structuring the presentation, I'll initially provide a concise overview of the purpose behind developing ChatGPT and introduce the nuanced perceptions people hold about it, serving as an entry point. Explicitly stating the theme of the presentation will focus on showcasing ChatGPT's capabilities and its decision-making processes. Following Greg's approach, I'll conduct live demonstrations to illustrate ChatGPT's practical applications. Next, I'll briefly explain the meaning of "GPT." I believe it's essential, even in a science outreach context, to convey some fundamental concepts to the audience; otherwise, they might not grasp the distinctions and connections between ChatGPT and GPT-4 after the presentation. Then, I'll provide a brief overview of the ChatGPT training process, describing how the model learns language patterns and context from extensive text data and how this learning enables ChatGPT to generate language and engage in reasoning. During this explanation, I'll delve further into ChatGPT's training process, detailing how the model learns and progressively enhances its comprehension and response capabilities during training. Additionally, I'll use specific examples or scenarios, such as demonstrating how the model handles different types of questions or provides information across various domains, to give the audience a clearer understanding of ChatGPT's functions and applications. Furthermore, within the presentation, I'll consider incorporating interactive segments, such as answering audience questions and allowing them to experience ChatGPT's operational mode through live demonstrations. Finally, to ensure the audience gains a comprehensive understanding of ChatGPT, I'll emphasize its potential and limitations, highlighting the indispensable role of humans in ChatGPT usage. I'll encourage the audience to approach using this technology with caution and rationality to better comprehend and utilize ChatGPT's advantages.
